make in-memory storage component more visible (#2766)
openzipkin/zipkin: zipkin-server/README.md

* `STORAGE_TYPE`: SpanStore implementation: one of `mem`, `mysql`, `cassandra`, `elasticsearch`
* `COLLECTOR_SAMPLE_RATE`: Percentage of traces to retain, defaults to always sample (1.0).
* `AUTOCOMPLETE_KEYS`: list of span tag keys which will be returned by the `/api/v2/autocompleteTags` endpoint; Tag keys should be comma separated e.g. "instance_id,user_id,env"
* `AUTOCOMPLETE_TTL`: How long in milliseconds to suppress calls to write the same autocomplete key/value pair. Default 3600000 (1 hr) 

### In-Memory Storage
Zipkin's In-Memory Storage is the default storage component that is used when no other storage type is configured. By default it stores a maximum of 500000 spans. Oldest traces (and their spans) will be purged first when this limit is exceeded. 

> Memory wise, a safe estimate is to count with 1K of memory per span (assuming 2 annotations + 1 binary annotation), plus 100 MB for a safety buffer. These numbers are by no means fixed, you'll need to verify in your own environment and increase memory (-Xmx) if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memory wise, a safe estimate is to count with 1K of memory per span (assuming one tag and no annotations), plus 100 MB for a safety buffer. These numbers are by no means fixed, you'll need to verify in your own environment and increase memory (-Xmx) if needed.
```

Reviewer: the code has drifted.. we don't use v1 format internally and "2 annotations + 1 binary annotation" loosly associates to one normal span.. in fact maybe we should remove this section as the memory usage is probably wrong.

Example usage:
```bash
$ java -jar zipkin.jar
```

> You can override the maximum number of spans stored using the `--max-spans` application parameter:

Reviewer: instead of the lengthy and probably incorrect above paragraph on memory, you could also just add a sentence like..

If you see out-of-memory errors, you may need to increase your heap size as well.

Author: done.
